How can I use "Hyper Terminal" to send a "text file" to program my modem?

You must first have created a text file with the appropriate command lines for the particular device you are attempting to program. See support
article # ( 698) for instruction.

1. Locate and launch "Hyper Terminal" on you computer. This program will normally be located in Program files...Accessories....Communications in
you computer.

2. Enter a name and choose an icon that is relevant to the type of connection you are making in the "Connection Description" window so that you
will recognise it the next time you need it.

3. In the "Connect To" window, choose the com port that you will be using to connect the RS232 serial cable to on your computer and click "OK".
(typically com 1)

4. Select the correct baud rate, data bits, parity, stop bits, and flow control that the modem will need for proper communications from the serial
port and click on "Apply" and then "OK". If this is unknown, you may need to refer to whatever literature you may have for the modem or contact
your vender for this information.

5. Click on "File" on the "menu" bar and select "Properties".

6. In the "Properties" window , click on the "Settings" tab.

7. In the "Settings" window, click on "ASCII Setup".

8. Enter 500 in the "Line Delay" field and click "OK" and then "OK" again in the "Properties" window.

9. Connect one end of an RS232 cable to your computer com port that was selected when you configured "Hyper Terminal" and the other end of
the cable to the serial port that the modem will use for programming.

10. Power on the modem. 

11. In "Hyper Terminal" go to the "menu" bar and select "Transfer" and click on "Send Text File".

12. In the "Send Text File" window, scroll by double clicking your way to the location of the "text file" that was previously configured and saved
that contains the programming commands for the modem you are programming.

13. When you have located the "text file", highlight it and click open or just double click on it.

14. "Hyper Terminal" will now send each of the command lines, one at a time, every 500 milliseconds (1/2 second) to the modem. You should be
able to see the commands on your computer screen as they are sent and they should be followed with an "OK" response each time a command is
sent to the modem. IF not, recheck all connections and settings and try again.

15. After all of the commands have been sent, power off and disconnect the modem. You can configure and save your "text file" for the next
modem and start the process again from step # 9.

16. When you are done programming, click on the "X" on the "menu" bar to close the "Hyper Terminal" program.

17. When "Hyper Terminal" asks you if you want to disconnect, click on "Yes".

18. When "Hyper Terminal" asks you if you want to save the connection, click on "Yes". Saving your connection will save you from reconfiguring
the program every time you use it. When you launch your "Hyper Terminal" connection that you created the next time your ready for
programming, you can start from step 9. By default your computer should save your connection in the same location that "Hyper Terminal" was
initially.
