#76

Subject: musicians "A MUST READ"

The public needs to know that as musicians we all have chips implanted in
our heads with an unlimited database of the favorite tunes of every patron
who ever walked into a bar and all songs ever  recorded, so feel free to be
vague, we love the challenge. If we say we really don't remember that tune
you want, we're only kidding. Bands do know every song ever recorded, so
keep humming. Hum harder if need be...it helps jog the memory, or just
repeat your request over and over again.

If a band tells you they do not know a song you want to hear, they either
forgot they know the tune or they are just putting you on. Try singing a few
words for the band. Any words will do.

It also helps to scream your request from across the room several times per
set followed by the phrases,"AW COME ON!" and, "YOU SUCK!" Exaggerated hand
gestures expressing disapproval from the dance floor are a big help as well,
such as the thumbs down or your middle finger up.

Put-downs are the best way to jog a band's memory. This instantly promotes
you to the status of "Personal Friend Of The Band." You can bet your request
will be the next song we play.

Entertainers are notorious fakers and jokesters and never really prepare for
their shows. They simply walk on stage with no prior thought to what they
will do once they arrive.

We don't actually make set lists or rehearse songs. We mostly just wait for
you to yell something out, then fake it. An entertainer's job is so easy,
even a monkey could do it, so don't let them off the hook easily.Your
request is all that matters. Once you've figured out what genre of music the
band plays, please make your requests from a totally different genre. The
more exaggerated the better.

If its a blues band playing, yell for some Metallica or Slayer or Pantera.
Likewise, if its a death-speed metal band, be sure to request Brown-eyed
Girl or some Grateful Dead. Musicians need to constantly broaden their
musical horizons, and its your job to see that it happens....immediately.

''TALKING WITH THE BAND''

The best time to discuss anything with the band in any meaningful way is at
the middle of a song when all band members are singing at the same time. Our
hearing is so advanced that we can pick out your tiny voice from the
megawatt wall of sound blasting all around us.And we can converse with you
in sign language while singing the song, so don't worry that we're in the
middle of the chorus.

Musicians are expert lip readers too. If a musician does not reply to your
question or comment during a tune, it's because they didn't get a good look
at your mouth in order to read your lips. Simply continue to scream your
request and be sure to over emphasize the words with your lips. This helps
immensely. Don't be fooled. Singers have the innate ability to answer
questions and sing at the same time.If the singer doesn't answer your
questions immediately, regardless of how stupid the question may seem, it's
because they are purposely ignoring you. If this happens, immediately cop an
attitude. We love this.

''IMPORTANT''

When an entertainer leans over to hear you better, grab his or her head in
both hands and yell directly into their ear, while holding their head
securely so they cannot pull away. This will be taken as an invitation to a
friendly and playful game of tug of war between their head and your hands.
Don't give up! Hang on until the singer or guitar player submits. Drummers
are often safe from this fun game since they usually sit in the back,
protected by the guitar players. Keyboard players are protected by their
instrument, and only play the game when tricked into coming out from behind
their keyboards. Though difficult to get them to play, it's not impossible,
so keep trying. They're especially vulnerable during the break between
songs.

''HELPING THE BAND''

If you inform the band that you are a singer, the band will appreciate your
help with the next few tunes, or however long you can remain standing on
stage. If you're too drunk to stand unassisted, simply lean on one of the
band members or the most expensive piece of equipment you see. Just pretend
you're in a Karaoke bar. Simply feel free to walk up on stage and join in.

By the way, the drunker you are, the better you sound, and the louder you
should sing. If by chance you fall off the stage, be sure to crawl back up
and attempt to sing harmony.

Keep in mind that nothing assists the band more than outrageous dancing,
fifth and sixth part harmonies,or a tambourine played on one and three and
out of tempo. Try the cowbell; they love the challenge.The band always needs
the help and will take this as a compliment.

Finally, the microphone and PA system are merely props, they don't really
amplify your voice,so when you grab the mic out of the singers hand be sure
to scream into it at the top of your lungs, otherwise no one will hear what
a great singer you are. Hearing is over-rated anyhow. The crowd and the sound
guy will love you for it.

''BONUS TIP''

As a last resort, wait until the band takes a break and then get on stage
and start playing their instruments. They love this. Even if you are ejected
from the club, you can rest assured in the fact you have
successfully completed your audition. The band will call you immediately the
following day to offer you a position.

See you at the next gig. 
