A Guy is walking along the strip in Las Vegas and an absolutely gorgeous
looking hooker catches his eye. He strikes up a conversation and
eventually asks the hooker, "How much do you charge?"

The hooker replies, "It starts at $500 for a hand-job."

The guy says, "$500 dollars! For a hand-job! No hand-job is worth that
kind of money!"

The hooker asks, "Do you see that Denny's on the corner?"

"Yes."

"Do you see the Denny's about a block further down?"

"Yes."

"And beyond that, do you see that third Denny's?"

"Yes."

"Well," says the hooker, smiling invitingly, "I own those. And, I own
them because I give a hand-job that's worth $500."

The guy says, "What the hell? You only live once. I'll give it a try."
They retire to a nearby motel. A short time later, the guy is sitting on
the bed realizing that he just experienced the hand-job of a lifetime,
worth every bit of $500. He is so amazed, he says, "I suppose a blow-job
is $1,000?"

The hooker replies, "$1,500."

"$1,500? My God! No blowjob could be worth that. A evangelist wouldn't
pay that for a blow-job!"

The hooker replies, "Step over here to the window, big boy. Do you see
that casino just across the street? I own that casino outright. And I
own it because I give a blow-job that's worth every cent of $1,500."

The guy, basking in the afterglow of that terrific hand-job, decides to
put off the new car for another year or so, and says, "Sign me up." Ten
minutes later, he is sitting on the bed more amazed than before. He can
scarcely believe it but he feels he truly got his money's worth. He
decides to dip into the retirement savings for one more serious and
unforgettable experience. He asks the hooker, "How much for some pussy?"

The hooker says, "Come over here to the window, I want to show you
something. Do you see how the whole city of Las Vegas is laid out before
us, all those beautiful lights, gambling palaces, and showplaces?"

The guy says, in awe, "My Lord, you own the whole city?"

The hooker replies, "No, but I would if I had a pussy."
