Credit Cards and Death

This may belong in another category, but I laughed so hard I had to put it in
humor.

Be sure and cancel your credit cards before you die. This is so priceless, and
so easy to see happening, customer service being what it is today. A lady died
this past January, and Citibank billed her for February and March for their
annual service charges on her credit card, and then added late fees and
interest on the monthly charge. The balance had been $0.00, now is somewhere
around $60.00. A family member placed a call to Citibank:

Family Member: "I am calling to tell you that she died in January."

Bank: "The account was never closed and the late fees and charges still
apply."
Family Member: "Maybe, you should turn it over to collections."
Bank: "Since it is two months past due, it already has been."
Family Member: So, what will they do when they find out she is dead?"
Bank: "Either report her account to the frauds division or report her to the
credit bureau, maybe both!"
Family Member: "Do you think God will be mad at her?"
Bank: "Excuse me?"
Family Member: "Did you just get what I was telling you - the part about her
being dead?"
Bank: "Sir, you'll have to speak to my supervisor."
Supervisor gets on the phone:

Family Member: "I'm calling to tell you, she died in January."
Bank: "The account was never closed and the late fees and charges still
apply."
Family Member: "You mean you want to collect from her estate?"
Bank: (Stammer) "Are you her lawyer?"
Family Member: "No, I'm her great nephew." (Lawyer info given)
Bank: "Could you fax us a certificate of death?"
Family Member: "Sure." (fax number is given)
After they get the fax:

Bank: "Our system just isn't set-up for death. I don't know what more I can do
to help."
Family Member: "Well, if you figure it out, great! If not, you could just keep
billing her. I don't think she will care."
Bank: "Well, the late fees and charges do still apply."
Family Member: "Would you like her new billing address?"
Bank: "That might help."
Family Member: " Odessa Memorial Cemetery , Highway 129, Plot Number 69."
Bank: "Sir, that's a cemetery!"
Family Member: "What do you do with dead people on your planet?"
